in the night but for all the 6 rice and
top arrival of a ration of
separte so that view of Argentina
and me
in the third
in a public place
but he had speculated with something
of what he said but he told me that the baby
what do you expect from diego
he denied
why do you think Veronica said this
for more
because he believes that while we continue
the truth if that is not the truth that the
truth and the lie
appearance
nothing why not
they seem to have the electrical endorsement of
self what you can do
this scale
but nevertheless that led to that return
questions to diego if it was true or not
only with me I asked you do not care
on our trip
it is necessary to stop with us your
version together with us
in this way olive dew is removed
of that and greeting of having arrived from
dubai and said his relationship with me
it's better than ever